where do we begin
a year ago these cops and lawyers
wouldn't dare cost any of you I mean
what happened so what are you proposing
it's simple kill the Batman here's my
card
Bruce this is Harvey Dent Rachel told me
everything about you
I certainly hope not
you mean it person don't make me your
only hope
your outfit right that's right sure a
psychotic ex-boyfriends I should be
aware of you back here tonight's
entertainment got my damn good evening
ladies and gentlemen hello
I've seen that I would have to become to
stop men like him
the night is darkest just before the
dawn
I promise you the dawn is coming and
here we go
this city deserves a better cloud
I'm gonna give it all
you'll see I'll show you
your diet
or you live long enough to see yourself
become the villain
will you be one in the back picture
middle the day Alfred number so the
Lamborghini he did Moosa